what's up guys give Veneto to Managua
Nicaragua come on in this is my wife
Anna now this is Benjamin and we are the
green family for those of you who don't
know me my name is Brian green I'm a
recently retired mixed martial arts
prizefighter throughout my career I won
four championship titles I fought some
of the best in the world throughout the
world and I even went to Brazil and
submitted a Brazilian jiu-jitsu
blackbelt my most known fight in my
career was when I took on this guy Kimbo
Slice street fighting legend and YouTube
superstar one of the most intimidating
guys on the planet it was March of 2012
a Kimbo Slice was scheduled to fight in
Springfield Missouri the same town where
I live for two years I went to Bible
College studying missions for this fight
that Kimbo had scheduled four days
beforehand his opponent backed out and
left Kimball without an opponent at this
time I was on a six fight win streak and
the last goal that I had to accomplish
in my mixed martial arts career was to
fight for the pinnacle of mixed martial
arts the UFC I had fought for the same
promoter before I already had his
contact information I asked for this
fight and with only three days before
the fight kimbos team accepted me as a
new opponent the fight was on and I was
smaller I was faster and I've been
fighting for 10 years I know how to read
somewhere in shoulders when they're
gonna
at me and I was able to beat him to the
punch and avoid his big shots which some
of them I'm surprised didn't knock me on
it was a four round boxing match and on
all three judges scorecards I warned the
first second and third round of the
fight with only three point three
seconds left in the fourth and final
round I was exhausted and Kimbo hit me
with the three punch combination that
shut out the lights and knocked me out
a bad camera angle from a ringside
flipcam flooded the internet it was
showed on Spike TV WorldStarHipHop and
every boxing MMA and hip-hop magazine
from the United States to the UK all
accusing me of taking a dive and getting
paid to lose the fight with everybody
saying that I took a dive and questioned
my integrity a question my character and
was false I never took a diver
legitimately got knocked out and had to
deal with being 3.3 seconds away from
pulling off the biggest upset in boxing
and then I have everybody I mean
millions of people talking garbage about
me saying that I took a fight I was paid
under the table to lose which didn't
happen man it was the worst thing that
ever happened to me in my entire life so
has recently been announced kimbos
returned to mixed martial arts I came
and fought Kimbo in his world just hands
in boxing now Kimbo come to my world man
you know that I deserved this fight
Bellator our fight had six million views
on YouTube
if you want a fight that's gonna sell
sell my story with this guy man on three
days notice the two weight class is
smaller than him and I went up and I
almost won let me get my hands on him
and MMA I'll win this fight by a head
kick knockout watch I don't take people
down I fight them on the feet and I give
a good show Bellator MMA and the balls
in your court man I want the fight the
fans are gonna be happy with this fight
and somebody's gonna get knocked out
let's sign the fight man while I have
your attention I'd like to share with
you guys a fighter's mission calm I now
live in Nicaragua using mixed martial
arts to get youth off on the streets out
of gangs away from drugs and alcohol and
given them opportunity to support their
families I promote in the May events
down here I learned the language I run a
food drive on the head trainer
and they Academy where Jimmy Morales
were just won by head kick knockout of
Ultimate Fighter Latin America and I
also teach mixed martial arts classes
out of a local church for free whether
you believe in God or not what I'm doing
down here in Nicaragua is helping people
better their lives
my mission is impossible without help
from people like you
so check out my website and can vote
let's do it man don't be scared homey
show you guys the family car so until
we're able to get a vehicle this is how
we get around from A to B hearing but
not that thanks for checking on my story
soon